Made README more readable with simplified language and ordered list (#3257)
ggerganov/llama.cpp: README.md

cd llama.cpp
```

> ### Build *(simple, without BLAS accelearion)*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Build *(simple, without BLAS acceleration)*
```

More generally I don't think "BLAS acceleration" is a good term (although it's already used in the README on master). For GPUs it makes sense because they employ hardware acceleration but with a BLAS library the difference is just from algorithms. I would just call it something like "native CPU only"

### BLAS Build

> Building the program with BLAS support may lead to some performance improvements in prompt processing using batch sizes higher than 32 (the default is 512). BLAS doesn't affect the normal generation performance. There are currently t**hree different implementations** of it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Building the program with BLAS support may lead to some performance improvements in prompt processing using batch sizes higher than 32 (the default is 512). BLAS doesn't affect the normal generation performance. There are currently **three different implementations** of it:
```

Author: I **actually** do think that we need the ordered lists. It improves readability. I am not sure why it doesn't.
